English translation (#65)
personium/new-docs: src/README.md

#### [Personium Architecture](./user_guide/001_Personium_Architecture.md)
#### [Glossary](./user_guide/008_Glossary.md)

## Getting Started

> Below you will find the Personium introductory documentation for Personium operators and app developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you will find the introductory documentation for Personium operators and app developers.
```

Reviewer: This is already Personium manual, therefore, no need to repeat ourselves.

* [Getting Started](./getting-started/README.md)

> ## User Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User Guides
```

Reviewer: Several user guides are listed.

> We provide a guide for each type of Personium user and a guide on how to contribute to and participate in the Personium project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a guide for each type of Personium user and a contributor guide for Personium project participants.
```

#### [Documentation Contributor's Guide](./document-writer/README.md)

> This document is for people who want to maintain and improve this document of the Personium project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contributor guide is for participants who want to maintain and improve the documentation of the Personium project.
```

Reviewer: "This document" is confusing. It means both of the followings. So it is better to state them clearly.
- contributor guide
- Personium Project documentation (API References, help manual, etc)

Author: Thank you for pointing that out.
